Yo Barrister Tang
The two of them are quite tired and crooked. They are deliberately angry with me. Are you thinking too much?
By the way, you came just in time.
I was just about to find you
Why are you looking for me?
Regret what
I regret choosing the wrong person
If only you followed me
Flick your fingers for a moment
I will rescue you
Xiaojinyi, can you be a person?
Hey, you have no conscience.
I just saved you, so I'm angry with you for saying this
Then how sad am I?
Let's get down to business. Where is Liang Kexin recently?
How do I know where a big star is? You are the most likely to know, okay?
It's all over the Internet that Cui Yan broke up with him completely
Must be abroad now, I seem to have heard such news
complete break
How did this come about?
Gossip news?
Who knows if it is reliable or not?
Nine times out of ten it's fake.
Anyway, things on the Internet can't be trusted
Whether it's true or not
There must be something else behind this news
How to say oops
You two are really a couple.
When asked, Yida was quite serious
That's because you don't know Tang Lu well enough
Now you're swearing your sovereignty over me again?
You two
You say I want to hear it
During this time, Lan Kexin is not even cold in front of the media
But there was actually gossip about two people
And whether the relationship between Lan Kexin and Cui Ying is good or bad, only we know
Last time, Gaiyu took it out to make trouble for me and fried the news
But it passed quickly and no one believed it
Well, don't you think it's far-fetched that this will happen again?
Why am I a little confused?
That's right.
Little soldier, come here
Tang Li, what's the matter with you?
Hurry up and contact the two investigators who investigated Wang Yimei last time.
Tell them we're making a big discovery